Changing an offer iteration (#265)
DFE-Digital/bat-design-history: app/posts/manage-teacher-training-applications/2020-11-09-changing-an-offer-iteration.md

---
title: Changing an offer iteration
description: Improvements to the way users edit an offer
date: 2020-11-09
---

> [View current flow](/manage-teacher-training-applications/changing-an-offer-november-2020).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an interaction of [the current flow](/manage-teacher-training-applications/changing-an-offer-november-2020), which changes [x] because of [y].
```

Reviewer: Add a little more context around how this iteration relates to the current flow.
